[ ringing ]
Olivia:
You've reached olivia pope.
I'm not in.
Please leave a message.
[ beep ]
Woman: The mailbox
you are trying to reach is full.
[ beeping ]
man: Democratic senate leaders
continue to voice displeasure
With president grant's decision
To send american troops
to west angola.
Day five has brought
the heaviest casualties
Since the start
of the conflict.
[ lock disengages ]
[ door closes ]
Abby.
Hey. Hi.
How's it going?
Shut up. Where's liv?
Out.
Out where?
Just out.
Oh, i'm sorry.
Do you remember me?
Abby whelan?
A gladiator since --
oh, i don't know --
Long before
you ever were.
Olivia pope
isn't answering her phone,
And her sofa
has a wine stain on it.
The two of you need to
cut the crap and tell
me where she is now.
You're not a gladiator
anymore.
[ exhales softly ]
[ scoffs ]
We can't trust
the white house.
Abby is
[ camera shutter clicking ]
She could be anywhere
by now.
You will get her back.
[ knock on door ]
Good morning, powerful people.
I come bearing vengeance.
Executive order 13686 --
Termination of your
entire secret service staff.
Executive order 13687.
Your friends,
the navy s.E.A.L.S,
Will now be protecting the
white house, the first family,
And even that weasel
vice president.
Speaking of whom,
i thought you'd like to read
The vice president's
letter of resignation
And declination
of federal office
Before i take it over to him
for his signature.
"declination
of federal office" --
Such an elegant way
of saying he quits.
Or that you're
making him quit.
He's lucky this is all
that's happening to him.
If i had my way, he would no
longer be walking and talking.
Fitz, you signed
the executive orders.
You are doing everything you can
to get olivia back.
That's all that matters.
She's right.
You are doing everything.
Cy.
Gather my intelligence team
in the sit room now.
And let's get
jake ballard here.
I want in.
S-sir?
The auction for olivia.
If we were doing
absolutely everything we could
To get her back,
we'd be bidding.
They want to play dirty,
i want in.
We can win this.
Who has more money than
the united states of america?
China, saudi arabia.
The united arab emirates.
I want in.
Sit room -- 10 minutes.
[ indistinct conversations ]
What do you have?
No more than you.
I've called everyone
in on this.
The man on the phone -- the man
i talked to -- who is he?
Mercenary -- he's been
doing this kind of thing
A long time,
and he's good at it.
Not much
of a conscience.
Then we better do everything
we can to get her back fast.
She wanted to lure him
into the open,
Create a trail
to be followed.
The auction --
it was her idea.
Then we better win.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Gus: You made a plan, we signed
on to it, and this was not it.
Philly was the plan.
The warehouse in philly
was the plan you made,
Not this, not her.
Ian:
Do you have a point?
I'm just saying i don't know
if this is a good idea.
I don't mean
to question you, sir,
But maybe you're
not thinking straight.
I mean, first you change
locations, right?
Then you send for us,
me and the guys get here,
And then we find her
just walking around,
La-di-da,
queen of america?
I got 17 stitches in my head
from her.
That bitch killed otto.
That bitch -- or,
as i like to call her, olivia --
Is going to be
working with us.
She's the hostage.
You don't work with the hostage.
Now, i think that --
What?
What do you think, gus?
[ cellphone ringing ]
I'm sorry, sir.
What?
Just calling to check in
on my project.
She's not
your project anymore.
She's mine now.
[ chuckles ]
now, wait a minute.
We had a deal.
I have to return her
unharmed.
That's how this works out.
If something happens to her...
The president
has to get her back.
Well, that deal's over.
Now i'm making a deal
with the highest bidder.
Wait. Please, wait.
[ receiver clicks ]
wait!
[ grunts ]
[ keyboard keys clacking ]
Here we go.
Dark net's up and running.
The auction for ms. Pope
Is being conducted
on what we call the dark net.
Which is?
The part of the internet
that no one can reach.
There's no way
to access the site.
Unless you've been given
a ghost address,
The address connects you
to a floating database.
It generates a new password
every 8 seconds.
What's junior
nerdball saying?
Basically, you got to
get invited to the dance.
We weren't,
But some of our old friends
from the shining path were.
So we're in business
with murderers.
I admit it's not ideal,
but these guys
Have terrorist street cred
and peruvian drug money.
How much?
Enough to get in
on the bidding.
Wait. So, the u.S.A. Is in bed
with some terrorists,
Who they're using
to bid on liv for them
Because the president
can't be seen
Negotiating with terrorists.
Yeah.
Liv's gonna die.
They're gonna hack up her body
and burn the pieces.
Huck.
No one's dying.
If we want this handled,
we have to handle it ourselves
Without the white house.
Good.
What's the plan?
Pool our money,
bid on her ourselves.
Pool what money?
Who has money?
All i have is student loans.
It doesn't matter how many times
you reinvent your identity.
Sallie mae will find you.
I have money.
I've got
a swiss bank account.
Should have a little over
$2 million in it.
Against a bunch of foreign
governments and drug cartels?
I have money.
2 million bucks
is pocket change.
You're reaching.
You're desperate.
I have money!
Huck, we need like millions
and millions of dollars.
I have
$2,000,400,087.38.
The algorithm --
The one b613 used
to siphon money
From the federal budget
in order to fund their program.
We scanned
the entire federal budget
And rerouted tiny amounts of
funding to a black-box account.
When we shut down
b613,
The money
had to be transferred somewhere.
I figured it was back pay
for my time in the hole.
This is not a rehearsal.
We go live
in 30 seconds, people.
How much do you think
she'll go for?
you'll go for?
$500 million?
I'm a little insulted.
Oh, you think
you're worth more?
I think our great nation
is worth more.
I think enemies to democracy
are greedy.
Plus,
everyone loves a sale.
I'll go for not a dollar
under a billion,
Maybe $1.5 billion.
I like her.
20 seconds.
I tell you what --
This auction, when it gets
to the last few bidders,
How about i let you choose
who gets you?
I'm not saying you'll
be treated like a princess.
We're not selling you
to the boston philharmonic,
But at least you'll be able
to steer clear
Of the...More sadistic apples
in the bunch, hmm?
Does that sound like
a good idea?
Auction's live in...
Together:
5...4...3...2...1...
That sounds like
a very good id--
[ gunshot ]
[ screams ]
Okay.
Okay!
[ dinging ]
i'm in charge now!
What's that noise?!
Those are bids.
The auction's gone live.
It's started.
[ dinging continues ]
[ exhales deeply ]
Okay, then.
Gentlemen...
[sighs]
let's make some money.
[ dinging continues ]
The white house is in.
Their friends at shining path
Just placed the first bid.
How we doing?
Good. Slow but steady.
I can't find
the auction site.
He's going to find it.
I can't find
the auction site.
Take your time, huck.
Liv doesn't have time.
[ dinging ]
You said that this
wasn't gonna be a big deal.
Shut up.
You said
this was just a hack.
This is better.
Look at this. This is beautiful.
This is art.
Mike...We're
in the middle of nowhere
With a hostage
the whole world is looking for.
That was bad
when ian was in charge,
But now
we're following gus?
Yeah, we are.
Gus is a psycho.
Ian's brains are on the carpet.
Exactly! I want my brains
in my head. Don't you?
[ dinging continues ]
Hi.
Can i just...
You got
a little something.
[ chuckles ]
It's funnier
if you're on this side of it.
Here.
Let me.
How's our auction going?
Uh, it's heating up.
53 bidders and counting.
53?
And counting.
We're vetting more.
They all want in.
Well, look at you --
This season's "it" girl.
Everybody loves liv.
Such a popular princess.
[ dinging continues ]
There.
That's better.
I can be nice to you,
you know?
Much nicer to you
than ian.
He didn't like
the ladies.
Be careful.
I'm in shock.
Put anything that close to
my mouth, i might bite it off.
[ dinging continues ]
Pete:
We just hit $300 million.
There's no more bubbly,
bitch.
We can do better
than $300 million.
That's chump change.
Whoo!
Yeah, there we go.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Resigning the vice presidency
for health reasons.
Is that the best
you can come up with?
You're a creative guy
with a gift for lying.
Figured you could fill in the
blanks on your way out of town
And off the national
political stage forever.
Let's talk this through.
I know we can
work something out.
[ laughing ] no.
We really can't.
It's this or prison.
Giving you a gift here,
andrew.
You don't have
to thank me for it,
But you have
to accept it.
No.
I'm not resigning.
You're not...
Okay.
Prison it is.
You know,
going to war for your sidepiece
Doesn't just make you
an unpopular president,
It makes you a criminal...
Of the highest order.
Listen to me.
You're going to sign
that freaking letter --
I get charged with treason,
if i go to prison, so does he.
Maybe you, too.
Mike:
This auction site,
The bidders list is like
hell's social register --
Villains, despots,
terrorists,
Rogue nations,
enemies of the state.
You're not on here,
you're just not evil enough.
[ beeping ]
It's nowhere.
I can't find the auction site
because it's nowhere.
And that's bad?
Good? Bad?
Good.
It's nowhere,
but it's there,
But only if you know
exactly where to look,
Like a...Private club.
Unless you are
a known quantity,
They don't want you
in the auction.
And they've built in
enough security
That you'll never get in.
It's a very private party,
and we can't get in.
Not without an invitation.
So, we need an all-star.
An all-star?
A big dog.
An all-star
international terrorist.
An all-star immediately
gets us an invitation.
Good work.
Yeah, great work, jake.
Do we know any all-star
international terrorists?
Just one.
[ door opens ]
[ door closes ]
This should be good.
You have 10 minutes.
After that, we were never here.
Are we understood?
[ snarls, chuckles ]
[ aretha franklin's "think"
plays ]
are we understood?
You heard the boy.
The clock is ticking.
¶ you better think ¶
¶ think ¶
¶ think about what you're trying
to do to me ¶
so, it's some kind of
secret computer thing.
¶ think ¶
kind of, yes.
¶ let your mind go,
let yourself be free ¶
and you think some of my old
friends are gonna know about it.
Yes.
¶ let's go back,
let's go back ¶
and it's
going to save olivia.
¶ let's go way on
way back when ¶
if i'm gonna
give you something...
¶ i didn't even know you ¶
...I need to get something
in return...
¶ that's how you couldn't have
been too much more than 10 ¶
...And that's how this
is gonna work.
¶ i ain't no psychiatrist,
i ain't no doctor with degrees ¶
let me out of here.
No.
¶ it don't take
too much high iqs ¶
move me
to medium security.
¶ to see
what you're doing to me ¶
let me think. No.
¶ you better think ¶
i already spent
20 years locked up.
¶ think about what you're trying
to do to me ¶
my husband hasn't
been locked up a day...
¶ yeah, think ¶
...And he killed
the president's son.
¶ let your mind go,
let yourself be free ¶
i'm negotiating in good faith
here, but this idiot --
¶ oh, freedom ¶
is the attorney general
of the united states...
¶ freedom ¶
...While you are
an enemy of the state.
¶ yeah, freedom ¶
david, easy.
Maya, be reasonable.
¶ yeah, freedom ¶
what do you want
you don't have?
¶ yeah, freedom, ooh, freedom ¶
i want a library
filled with books.
¶ freedom, freedom ¶
i want cellmates to talk to,
to argue with.
¶ ooh, freedom ¶
i want access to a yard --
fenced...
¶ yeah, think about,
ah, me, think about it ¶
...But with grass, with sunlight
i can feel on my face. I want --
¶ there ain't nothing you could
ask i could answer you ¶
no. No. No. No!
¶ but i was gonna change,
but i'm not ¶
well, then...No deal.
¶ if you keep doing things
i don't ¶
¶ you better think ¶
¶ think ¶
¶ think about what you're trying
to do to me ¶
what about a tv?
¶ oh, think ¶
i'm listening.
¶ let your mind go ¶
you can do that, right?
¶ let yourself be free ¶
what are tvs made of --
metal, wires, glass?
¶ people walking around
every day ¶
we may as well give her
a set of knives.
¶ playing games, taking scores ¶
not if she can't touch it.
¶ trying to make other people
lose their minds ¶
flat-screen -- hang it up
on the wall outside of the cell.
¶ well, be careful,
you're gonna lose yours ¶
you give her a remote.
She watches through the bars.
¶ oh, think ¶
that work for everybody?
¶ think about what you're trying
to do to me ¶
¶ ooh, ooh ¶
cable?
¶ think ¶
basic.
¶ let your mind go,
let yourself be free ¶
As long as i can watch
my daughter on those
news channels...
¶ you need me, and i need you ¶
...I'm good.
Great. Settled.
Now let's make sure
you have something to watch.
¶ without each other,
there ain't nothing we can do ¶
we're gonna need names
And a way to affiliate ourselves
with you.
¶ oh, yeah ¶
not with me,
with marie wallace.
¶ think about what you're trying
to do to me ¶
my name is marie wallace --
to them, anyway.
¶ think about it right now ¶
[ camera shutter clicking ]
He's not
going to resign?
No.
How is
that possible?
He's dug in.
Well, we need
to hit him, then.
That's the problem, sir.
If we try to move on him
in any way, try to arrest him,
Prosecute him, anything,
He's gonna
tell the american people
You went to war
because of olivia.
[ sighs ]
I didn't go to war
because of olivia.
Sir...
I went to war because
of the assassination attempt
On the vice president
of the united states.
That's what i told
the american people.
That's
what america believes.
If we can show that he faked
that assassination attempt,
Which he did,
That he misled this country
into war, which he did,
He'll have nothing on us.
We just need to prove it.
[ door opens ]
[ sighs ]
Lizzie bear!
Cyrus.
[ clears throat ]
You seem
a little jumpy there, kiddo.
I've got to tell you --
this doesn't look good.
Looks like
you're skipping town here.
I'm -- i'm not.
I'm just...Doing
a little housekeeping.
Good.
'cause you and i
both know
You can't attempt to overthrow
the american government,
Then just skedaddle when
it all blows up in your face.
Besides, at this point,
you'd have to leave the country,
Which would be tough,
since i've already put you
On a dozen watch lists,
and even then...
There is no place on earth
you could possibly run
Where i wouldn't hunt you down
and drag you back here.
What do you want, cyrus?
You're gonna testify against
your boyfriend, andrew nichols.
In return,
you won't have to spend
The rest of your life
in a federal prison.
You will, however, be my bitch
until the end of time.
Have a seat, lizzie.
Let's dish.
[ dinging ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Mike:
Are you seeing this?
It's gonna happen.
It's happening right...
[ dinging continues ]
Whoo!
$500 million!
You were right.
We just started,
and we're already at $500 mil.
You'll go
for over $1 billion.
And now we split it three ways
instead of four.
[ dinging continues ]
Guy you're meeting with --
name's gustavo pineda.
Pineda. Great.
Guatemala's largest
drug trafficker.
She says he can get us access
to the auction.
She also says this shouldn't
take you too long.
Jake:
Here we go, everybody.
Got eyes on someone --
6-foot, beard.
Looks like he sticks knives
in strangers' ribs for fun.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Gustavo.
All right,
we're going in.
He's only expecting one of you,
and no offense, white boy,
But i think that pit bull
sitting next to you
Fits in with this crew
a little better.
Is this a drug deal?
Are leveraging drugs
to buy into this auction?
Do you know how illegal that is?
And if she's lying...
I need to concentrate here.
...We lose liv,
and we all go to jail.
David, outside.
Nope, i'm done!
I want to help liv,
but it's my ass --
[ door closes ]
Okay, i don't know
how long little lawman
Will be out of earshot,
So i'm gonna
say this fast --
We got a change
in plans.
Change in plans?
That guy i said
was gustavo?
That's just some idiot
who thought he could
steal gustavo's money.
He's in there
with three of his friends.
Probably got a guard
at the door keeping watch.
They think they're buying
a kilo of coke from you today.
You said gustavo was gonna
get us into liv's auction.
He will.
But he wants
those men dead as payment,
And you only get
when you give, baby.
I don't know you all that well,
but i know you know that.
And this
will get liv back?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm going in with you.
No. I got this.
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ sighs ]
i've been calling you.
Not now.
Just hold fast,
and we'll come out of this.
Elizabeth!
Come on. We're waiting.
[ sighs ]
Why are you here?
Are they trying to get elizabeth
to testify against me?
It's over, honey.
You lost.
People keep
telling me that.
There's
a lot of negativity
Coming out of
the west wing these days.
But i still
got you, babe.
Because if they
come after me,
I will tell the world
about us --
Every filthy thing
that we did.
The first lady
and the traitor.
[ scoffs ]
How's that for
your husband's legacy?
[ chuckles lightly ]
The irony is...
He chose you because he thought
you would be loyal.
Probably the same reason
he chose you.
How are we out there?
We're good.
We're calmer.
Anyone learns about
our little field trip
Or has
the faintest inkling
How in the hell you earned 50
channels and a flat-screen tv,
And i'll snap my fingers and
make your life a living hell.
You got that?
Sure do.
How are we in here?
We're good. We're getting
the job done. Any minute now.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
He's been in there
too long.
I'm gonna go in
and check on him.
Maya said
take them out, not...
...This.
Gustavo's gonna want proof.
We're gonna need their heads
as bounty.
I'll do it.
You go clean up.
What would liv say
if she saw you right now?
Animal.
[ exhales deeply ]
are you seeing this?
[ dinging ]
Execute a verification scan
of their public key,
Make sure they're legit.
Oh, it's legit.
You see the number?
Yeah, i see it.
Olivia:
You don't belong here.
Excuse me?
Don't talk to her.
You don't belong here.
The two of you
don't belong here,
Not with gus, not trapped
in this place with him.
You don't deserve
what's going to happen to you.
What are you? 24?
25?
You've got your entire lives
ahead of you,
The whole world
And with your skills,
those minds,
The potential you have,
The chance you have...
You did not lie in bed at night
dreaming of being kidnappers,
Human traffickers,
terrorists.
You didn't dream of a life
in a super-max prison
Or on the run or doing whatever
the hell gus tells you to do,
Which is actually
the worst option.
[ dinging continues ]
You dreamed of power.
You dreamed of being successful,
of running companies,
Of building something great.
You should be getting wined and
dined by venture capitalists,
Not working for
some gun-wielding lunatic.
Which one of you
do you think he'll shoot first
So he only has to split the
money two ways instead of three?
Pete, he needs us both
to run the auction.
We're safe.
Look at ian.
Gus won't even move him.
You think it'll be different
for the two of you?
You think you're safe?
You're not safe, pete.
No, gus needs us.
Until this auction
is over.
Then he doesn't need
either one of you.
He will kill you
and take it all.
I can protect you.
Look at your screens.
Look at who wants me,
what they're willing to pay.
That is how powerful i am.
And i will use that power
for you.
All you have to do
is tilt the auction,
Throw the game,
let the odds play in my favor,
Find a way to fake a sale,
And then hand me over
to the united states.
I will make sure
that you stay free and alive
And generously compensated
for your skills.
[ dinging continues ]
Do we have a deal,
gentlemen?
That's not
what i dreamed of.
You said i dreamed
of companies and power
And building
something great.
That is not what i dreamed about
when i was in bed at night.
My entire family
slept in one room.
My father
worked three jobs.
The only time
i got breakfast
Was if they were giving it out
at school.
Lady,
i dreamed of money.
I dreamed of $1 billion.
If the only thing
standing in the way of my dream
Is a neanderthal
with a low i.Q. And a gun,
Hell, i'm gonna
let the odds play in my favor.
I'm gonna make my dreams
come true.
Billion-dollar baby.
[ both chuckle ]
[ dinging continues ]
I'm also coordinating with
the ramstein air force base,
The pentagon,
and usafricon,
Making sure no one briefs
the press on casualties
Out of west angola
without clearing through us.
Good.
Our allies are, um...
What?
Oh, sorry.
The allied command
is linked through centcom.
Centcom?
Did i say centcom?
I'm sorry. I-i...
Abby.
Yes?
You okay?
Fine, yes.
What's going on?
It's olivia.
She's not the best
at returning calls,
But this is different.
Something's wrong. I know
something happened and i just...
I really don't want
to bother you, but, um...
Have you spoken
with her recently?
Have a seat.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
You knew
olivia was missing.
Yes?
You knew olivia was missing,
and you didn't tell me!
I didn't.
David!
Abby.
I had a right to know.
In what capacity?
What?!
I know about
liv's kidnapping because,
As the attorney general
of the united states,
I have to write warrants
and create legal cover
So we could raid the facility
where she was being held
In an attempt
to rescue her.
Would it have helped me
do my job
To inform you
of this information?
You know what i mean!
Her disappearance
was described to me
As a matter
of national security.
Are you
the national security adviser?
Or a member of any team
that has anything to do
With briefing the president
on national-security issues?
Oh, come on!
Is your security clearance
higher than that weird guy
Who camps outside
the white house gate
and eats newspaper?
You're being an ass.
No. It is not.
So i did not
have to tell you
Because you did not have
a right to know.
You son of a bitch.
She is my best friend.
She's my best friend,
and she is trapped somewhere.
And horrible things
are happening to her,
And you are making snide jokes
because what?
Because you got your feelings
hurt because we broke up?
[ scoffs ]
Someone kidnapped
my best friend.
Listen to that sentence,
david!
Someone kidnapped
my best friend!
No. Someone kidnapped
my only friend.
She is my only friend.
I don't have friends.
I have liv.
And something bad
has happened to her,
And i didn't even get a chance
to be her gladiator
Because no one even bothered
to let me know
That she was missing,
that she was in trouble,
That she needed me!
All the times --
all the times she saves me.
All the times.
I would save her, david.
I would go over a cliff
for her.
But i didn't know because
i don't work there anymore.
I'm not one of them
anymore.
So when something happens,
You have to tell me that
my only friend's been kidnapped!
[ exhales deeply ]
Here.
[ exhales slowly ]
Abby?
What?
She's not
your only friend.
[ coughs ]
Oh, that bites.
[ chuckles ]
Yankee.
What's the word
on olivia?
Cy says
the cia's confident
They'll have her home
within 24 hours.
That's good.
Whew.
We sleep better
when she's lying between us.
I'm not sure
how to respond to that.
The truth
shall set you free.
Everybody but me,
that is.
We're gonna have
to let andrew walk.
What?
If we don't,
he's gonna tell the entire world
That i was stupid enough
to spread my legs for him.
The man is a traitor
to this country.
He faked
an assassination attempt.
He had liv kidnapped.
I'll be ruined.
America can forgive a man
a hundred infidelities,
But they will never forgive
a woman even one.
I will be ruined,
finished, done.
Mellie...
Let me ask you something.
What do you want,
really want,
More than anything
in the world?
Jerry...
Alive again.
[ sighs ]
What do you want...
That you can actually have?
What do you want
that feels possible?
Liv...
Home safe.
[ sighs ]
Fitz, ask me.
Ask me what i want
that feels possible.
What do you want?
I want to be the president
of the united states.
I want to run the world.
[ sighs ]
So...
Andrew walks.
Okay, then.
Okay.
I don't think
i've ever been in here.
Mm.
It was
harrison's office.
Before that,
it was stephen's office.
I always think
it feels like it's...
Full of ghosts
or something.
Whatever.
Huck still working on
the password gustavo gave him?
Quinn.
I know what
you're going to say,
So you don't
have to tell me.
Huck did something
unspeakably violent.
Lots of blood, probably
some butchering, severed limbs.
He likes [inhales deeply]
severed limbs.
Looks like a horror film,
right?
That's normal.
He's fine.
He's not fine, quinn.
Of course not.
Liv's gone.
He's not fine.
He's going to be fine.
I've seen
this kind of thing before.
No, you've never seen
anything like this.
I've never seen anything
like it, and i've seen a lot.
He goes to dark places.
I know that.
I have the dental bills
to prove it.
But he pulls himself back.
At some point,
before it's too late,
Huck always
pulls himself back.
And what if he doesn't?
Quinn, i can't
just let him loose to --
He is going to be fine.
I'm in.
Gustavo's password worked.
Are we bidding?
Not yet.
They're gonna scan me
for marie wallace's
digital footprint.
She needs
a browser history.
What now?
Now i make
the perfect fake i.D.
Now i build
marie wallace's bitstream,
Her cash, the metadata.
Now i hack.
Then we're in,
and bidding begins.
Okay.
We're officially bidding
in the auction
For olivia pope
as marie wallace.
Quinn:
Where's the bidding at?
[ computer beep ]
$1.1 billion.
One of the mexican drug cartels
just dropped out.
So, we're down
to eight bidders.
Thank you, los zetas.
Thank you for dropping out.
Gracias.
Wait, something's wrong.
The numbers
aren't going up.
That could be
a good thing.
That's not a good thing.
It could be.
[ beeping ]
it's not!
Was that someone else
dropping out?
That was everything
dropping out. It's gone.
What do you mean?
It's just gone.
What do you mean
it's gone?
The auction -- it's gone.
It's been suspended.
Why would they suspend
the auction?
What happens to olivia?
[ sighs ]
Sir?
Mr. President.
Shh! Stop. Stop it!
We drank a little too much
last night.
Just once,
can't you let him sleep in?
You know how much pressure
he's been un--
Fitz.
Fitz, wake up right now.
What?
Sir, you're needed in the
situation room, mr. President.
What is it?
What's happened?
Gus: Wake up, olivia!
[ gasps ]
You've been sold.
It's time to go.
But...
The auction's not over
for another 12 hours.
Oh, i know.
That's what's so great.
These buyers came to me
directly, offering cash.
Cold, hard,
roll-around-in-bed-on-it cash.
So the auction's suspended,
And your buyers are
oh-so-excited by their purchase.
Who?
Who did you sell me to?
You're gonna love this.
Iran.
You smashed my head open and
then you killed my best friend.
Who'd you think
i was gonna sell you to?
Sold?
I'm afraid so,
mr. President.
There was a buyer
outside of the auction.
Who?
Iran.
How much time
do we have?
We believe transfer is imminent.
Mr. President --
I want to see
the extraction plan.
We don't believe we can
extract the asset at this time.
In light
of these developments,
We need to consider
other options.
There are no other options
than extraction.
Olivia pope is a former
high-level white house official.
She maintains
a top-secret clear--
There are no other options
than extraction.
Ms. Pope's vast knowledge
of united states intelligence
Poses an ongoing threat
to national security.
Standard protocol
in this situation
Is to neutralize the asset.
We are not
neutralizing the asset!
We get her out of there.
We find a way!
We stick with
the extraction plan.
Are we clear?
Yes, sir.
Mr. President --
director!
This meeting is over.
Anyone could have been bidding
like we were --
Under an alias,
behind a false front.
If you were a major player,
a government,
Why wouldn't you hide it?
Of course no one was
who they said they were.
She could be anywhere,
any country.
North korea -- they'd pay.
Colombians would, too.
Doesn't matter.
We haven't even started talking
about our allies --
England, france, china.
Friendlies or not, it's still
getting the upper hand.
Israel, italy. Even smaller
countries could have her.
Even vatican city
could have her.
Vatican city?
Do you know how much money
vatican city has?
And, yes, immoral or not,
they could be in.
It's leverage.
It's control.
They'd easily pay to get
their hands on her.
Doesn't matter who has her.
I'd prefer it
to the other option.
Drug cartel,
terrorist organization.
Your next
up-and-coming al-qaeda,
Your friendly
neighborhood despot.
It does not matter
who has her!
Huck.
It doesn't matter who has her,
who bought her,
If she went to iran or england
or north korea
Or canada or drug lords.
Whoever they are, whichever
country they represent,
They bought a person
in an auction
To control a president,
to control a nation.
She is not a person
to them.
She is a tool -- a very
expensive, very useful tool.
They want sanctions lifted,
He says no,
they send him olivia's finger.
They want the u.S. To drop
nuclear warheads on iceland,
And he hesitates.
Perhaps they'll send him
a few of her ribs --
Just the bones, just a few.
Huck.
They will take her apart
bit by bit, piece by piece,
Until she is no longer
recognizable as olivia pope,
recognizable as a person,
Until she is so far from what
we want to think of as human,
That the president will be able
to let go of her in his mind.
He'll tell himself,
"olivia pope is dead."
Stop it.
So he'll stop caring
when they send him body parts --
An arm or a leg.
And soon, there'll stop being
worthwhile body parts to send.
Shut up. Just stop it.
Just shut up.
Hopefully they'll kill her --
Shoot her in the head,
slit her throat.
Because if they let her
starve to death
Because she's
no longer worth feeding --
Shut up, huck!
Shut up, shut up,
shut up,
Shut up,
you sick bastard!!
Olivia pope is dead.
I have some more
executive orders
To go over with you, sir,
if you have a moment.
I'm sorry i lost it
back there.
Apologize
to director lowry for me.
I refuse
to do that, sir.
You were in the right.
Besides,
if the director of the cia
Can't take
being yelled at,
The future of
our nation's intelligence
Is in severe jeopardy.
43 coffins
are coming off the plane
At dover air base
this afternoon.
Did you know mellie meets
every plane?
I did not, sir, no.
I think she's trying to save
our souls or something.
As if
they could be saved.
We have to
get olivia back --
Not just
because i love her,
Not just because having her
out there
Is a threat
to national security.
There are soldiers
who are never coming home
Because i tried
to get her back --
Someone's father,
someone's husband.
I have killed
so many mothers' sons
Trying to get her back.
Man: Present, hua!
The flags placed on the coffins
where they lay are there...
Because they had the courage
to give their lives,
And i did not have the courage
to give liv's.
Order, hua!
So, she has to come back...
Because their sacrifice
damn well has to mean something.
They cannot have died
for nothing.
They cannot
have gone to their deaths
For no other reason
than i asked them to.
We will get her back.
I promise you, sir --
i will do everything in my power
To make sure
we get her back.
Thank you.
[ door opens, closes ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]